Hello everyone and welcome to this lecture on get.
Now we're going to discuss what it is and how you can use it as a job search tool.
We won't go over how to use it but we'll send you the proper links on how to learn and get training
.
So first thing we want to know is that get g i t is an open source version control software used to
track changes in the code get and get up are two separate things get GHC is open source software that
anyone in the world can download github is a company and it's a service hub is a web based get repository
hosting service so you can host your own code and github for free and keep track of changes to it.
So you use get as version control to keep track of changes and if you want to host code online you can
use get Hub's service and it's free as long as you're repositories the actual place keeping your code
is public.
You need to pay the company get Herb for private repositories.
And so that's how it makes her money.
So even though both get and the basics of github for public repositories is free if you don't have a
private repository on the web you need to pay hub most open source projects have moved to github.
All right.
So moving along if you don't have a hub profile yet your next step is to go to get a car and create
a profile.
Let's go ahead and jump to hub dot com so we can see what it looks like.
Real quick.
Sure sure take you here to have them come.
You pick the user name the T.M. create a password and sign up for it.
All right.
So once you've done that you can also download get a desktop and it's a way for you to use a graphical
user interface to help contribute to projects.
And you can do things such as create branches make changes do commits and deploy or from a native interface
regardless of what system you're using.
So even if you don't understand what these terms mean you'll probably be asked to download get a desktop
and if you're not familiar github at all.
I'd definitely recommend downloading it.
All right.
So I'm going to go back to the presentation real quick if you're interested in learning more about gets
and github which I highly recommend you do.
Most companies use getting hub as their version control software.
There's two really great guides that get herbed themselves provide.
These guys are so good that it's really not worth for me to try to teach you.
Since these guys do an excellent job of teaching you the basics of getting hurt and how to use it.
So start with this link guides.
Hodak com such activities slushed Hello world.
And once you've done that then continue onto this training web site which is also provided by Kit github
.
These two links are really fantastic they're provided by get themselves.
They're constantly updated in case there's a change in their platform.
So that's why I'm suggesting you go to these two core learning how to use get in the hub.
So if we just check out these links real quick they'll look something like this.
So this is the hello world.
Takes about 10 minutes to read we'll teach you how to create a repository.
Open an issue create a branch make a commit and then open a request and merge poor requests.
So go through this.
It's really great and it's probably the best introduction online how to use get and get Herb which makes
sense because it's provided by hub themselves something else I want you to know.
There's actually video guides.
So if you look over here at the top right you'll see a link to click excuse me video guys.
And if you click that it'll take you to their YouTube channel here on a home.
And if you go to videos you'll see here there is an intro to get her on get her and get foundations
.
You can go in and check those out if you want with video explanations on how to go about learning the
basics and foundations get in get.
It's all free and it's all provided at home.
So I really recommend you check that out.
It's pretty much the best way to learn it and how to use it.
One other link I want you to be aware of is the training link so you can use these four simple slides
on learning on how to use get heard and teaching other people how to use get help.
So there are just basic slides teaching the basics of the hub.
So again really recommend a checkup the hello world documents and if you want video guides click on
the top right take it to their YouTube channel and they have plenty of information on the basics and
they also have advanced factors to learn about and get going back to the presentation quickly.
As far as what where it fits into this overall larger picture of your job search you should make sure
to post personal projects that use code to get her as long as you don't mind them being public and have
them be present.
You've read me files.
You don't know what those are yet.
Don't worry after you do the training you will.
Recruiters sometimes look at hub for potential hires so they may search.
Get help for certain software packages or certain modules or libraries in a language and see what users
have projects in those languages.
So it's pretty important to have a good hub presence and github also has its own job search tool.
So go ahead and hop and check that out real quickly that job search tool looks awfully like this job
Stockett have them come and similar to the Linked-In job search tool we just saw.
You can enter jobs scription in a location and then search.
Obviously since this is a hub it's pretty much directly directed exclusively to programmers or things
that have to do of programming.
All right.
So that's going to be it's you're just going to be left with a homework assignment to complete.
So it's going to check that out is your homework assignment is this you need to create a hub accounts
for the hello world tutorial.
If you're not familiar if get to it hub that will take about 10 minutes.
Then check out the basics of training link or check up those training videos on YouTube.
That should only take about 10 to 20 minutes.
Then for an interesting project on it you'll learn what a fork is.
After doing the hello world tutorial and then push some code to get help.
And that's it.
That's your homework.
Basically that should give you the ins and outs of her accounts and as you move on throughout this course
you'll learn how get her can be used for your personal projects and creating a good web presence.
All right.
That's it for this lecture.
Thanks everyone.
I'll see you at the next lecture